# Assignment1


Problem 1: In the first problem, we create an application that helps in the process of gas filling at gas stations.The intended audience is anyone who has a car or any vehicule and wanna fill up his vehicule with gas at gas station. using this app, the customer can see the gaz types available at the gas station since they are displayed automatically in front of him and the price of each type , so he can choose what type he wants and the quantity of it, and finally the program calculate the total price including the taxes, and leave the choice to the customer to choose the payment method that he prefers. The problem statement is about the difficulties customers face when they are at gas stations and they do not have an idea about the offered gas types, their prices and the available payment method options, and that is why Gas 4 Taxes application is created. The features of this app are: displaying the gas types and prices available, letting the customer make his selection of gas type and quantity, calculating the total cost automatically, calculating the total cost with taxes automatically, give the customer the choice to choose his favorite payment method.


Problem 2: In the second problem, we create an application that helps in the process of ordering meals and deserts at a restaurant.The intended audience for this app is the guests of the country club restaurant who wanna order meals and deserts from the menu of the restaurant. using this app, the guests can easily make their meal and desert choice after having the menu displayed in front of them, and have their total bill including taxes displayed in the end. The problem statement is about the difficulties and high error risk customers and waiters face using the traditional method of food ordering when they hand write orders and manually calculate the total bill, and that is why this application is created. The features of this app are: displaying the menu who contains every meal and desert the restaurant offers alongside with their respective prices, letting the guest make their selection easily, calculating the total cost automatically, calculating the total price with taxes automatically, ensuring efficiency and accuracy in the ordering process.
